In previous part, I told you how I created each an extra controller.
But let me.
With some more advanced ten year.
So let me.
Do one thing here.
So as you know, this is all the controlling part.
I will do it or I will.
I'm going with that part.
But let us check whether our application is running or not.
First, because I'm curious about that, whether it is running or not.
So.
Public.
I already created that method.
A blistering home.
Which is going to return.
Mia.
What is the home?
So home is I'm going to create inside the template.
So home is nothing but the thing.
Which is why I'm going to create.
So this is all about I'm going to create.
So what I did is I just created this part and now what I'm going to do, I'm going to deploy it on the
web.
So if you have seen this is the microphone tab and I'm going to mention the URL first, but before that,
remember what I'm going to do.
I'm going to check application.
This is not very important step, but checking application is very important.
First, whether it's running or not for that purpose, I'm going to use this.
So.
Let me check whether it is running or not.
Inside the template, go to template part.
Click, right click.
You can click new and file.
You can use the html directly file, but html home dot html.
But it will create one file for me.
And this is it.
Let me mention each one slash.
Which one?
Hello.
Would.
So this is it.
Let me run my application.
So these currently running but what you can do.
You can go to your local host city.
You can check that part.
So once you started running.
But.
A really successful software application is running now.
So let me move to my.
Lost.
And if we done this.
So this is basically the it's shrink data because explicit sleep mapping is showing here and why that's
in the home controller.
I mentioned this explicit mapping.
So what are you going to do to white label error?
You can do.
Or you can check.
On.
News fallback or not.
If it's fallback, you can do one thing.
You can check your XML, whether it's working or not.
So.
If it's working.
Let me do one thing because.
I haven't mentioned this earlier.
This is.
Let me tell you why it is showing why.
Because I haven't mentioned this controller gate mapping part.
So it is very important because it's not mapping at all.
So let me run this again.
And now you should understand why it is showing me the error because this is the home dot html.
Yeah, I mentioned go to this.
But what is the gate mapping method?
It should be mapped there.
So let me run it again.
Local host.
And let me go to the Chrome tab.
Now you can see the Helloworld is now printing.
So basic thing is that I mentioned this localhost again, etc..
That's okay.
But inside the ID iPad gate mapping controller is very important.
And this is the basic the injection part of our data.
So let me remove this.
Now, you should understand.
Or you can understand what localhost is running.
Let me go with this.
Our four previous part here.
Which is basically underwired.
Then the gate mapping method.
Then this list which contains all the things.
These things which contains all the things.
Well, currently, let me stop this part.
So no, our application is not running.
But the thing is, we haven't mentioned any further part here.
Now we are remaining with some things here which is basically integer better.
So let me create one in total reported cases here.
So in.
Total.
Deported.
Is equal to what I'm going to do.
I'm going to put inside the.
All stats.
Basically all stats dot.
What I can do.
I can stream this part.
Stream this part inside the location part steam dot.
Map and why I'm using this map to it.
So basically, I'm going to map to.
You basically start.
Wiggins is that sort of the thing that they used?
State only notes that.
This is the mapping.
And let me just use this.
Well, it is going to print me the everything here.
Okay.
So it will bring me this current live here and return our stream.
So I need to return the string.
Also later the home part.
But now I'm going with this only.
Similarly, I'm going to create this.
Basically.
And total new cases.
Now I need to create model.
I'd attribute if you know the spring party, you need to add the attributes here first.
So adding the attribute is basically location stats.
Location.
That's.
Or.
All states.
Let me check whether.
Like giving it a.
Do I mention this part down to?
Mutandis my own.
Similarly.
I need to mention this.
And.
But, no, not at the.
Attribute.
So the thing is, I'm going to return.
So what is going it is going to create is.
You know this home.
It is going to.
All that in the home part or I'm going to map that to the home part.
So coronavirus data service, it is going to face the data from our URL.
This is our URL.
Then location starts is going to.
Again the all data basically these all the data from.
This and it's basically model thing.
So it is going to check my everything here first.
So this is all about how I'm going to create but.
The thing is.
Very important here as I created this model, part of what it specifies, search said get search is
going to use here, but it's going to set that state each and everything.
So let me use the home part first to basically helloworld.
And if you want to use, you can use directly the template part or if you want to change your template,
you can change your template also so you can use any bootstrap program or anything.
But as I told you, I'm going to mention this directly from the web.
I will tell you what is the basic thing here?
So these are the tables.
I'm going to use this and it's a total reported cases, total new cases.
It's going to use years which span each extra.
So.
Or this is all about how I mentioned this.
So it contains some controlling Java part.
This is the controller for the running with the location statistics and these are the all the things.
So let me mention this first.
So these are some themes if I'm going to use with stylesheet with the container and.
Let me change this.
Earlier I mentioned this as COVID 19.
So.
Let me display this new.
Cases reported since previous day.
With total cases with the table.
And this is the changes since last day.
Each and every thing you can get sit country.
Each and everything.
State and country.
Location strategies.
All the from the our data complete.
And I'm going to use the.
So if you know there's some spitting you can use this if not you can zero here and table so it's just
a tabular format.
The home controller.
I'm mentioning the home controlling part.
And you can check your also if it's working or not, you can check it from here.
Controller is just controlling each and everything here and coronavirus data allow let me run this again
and it is going to first build the project.
After that, it will run throughout this project.
If there is an error, you can check your CSV file first, whether it's running or not.
So currently.
My data is running.
No spring work is running now.
Tomcat.
Tom Server is running.
Let me reload this.
So sometimes there may be some errors in data.
Although sometimes there is.
There is not an error in data.
So.
Why?
Sometimes you're showing me the error.
Because the row is empty.
So let me go to the chrome application.
So as you can see, this is my final wave.
It's looking so.
In different states like New South Wales.
In Australia, total cases reported and changes since last is zero.
But sometimes in these you can check.
So these are my new total cases reported previously.
These are the listings.
So this is all I'm getting.
Some of it I'm getting from this.
You are.
Or you can see this.
So I change it to the you are forced to get the embedded thing.
Then I created a HTTP response to get response.
And I created a client sign to send that request.
Then using for each loop, I'm going to invoke this.
Then of doing this all the stocks.
What I'm doing here.
I'm creating here location stats with model team.
While developing this.
There is one tricky state you can say.
I need to mention that or list at least you can use it.
I'm mentioning as list here.
Then I created one for each loop to invoke throughout this process.
And it's going to bring me down.
If you want to do one thing, you can change the star.
This one.
So what will happen?
Let me show you.
You can run this again.
And it will started running.
So it will be printed this.
And it will start running in each and every 1 seconds.
So it will be updated each and every 1 seconds.
So let me run this again.
You can check your updating again.
Total cases, new cases.
These are the state, country and each and everything.
So some are not in state.
So like Brazil, it's not showing any state because it's the whole country.
So these are the cases and all the things it's showing.
So if you have seen the present data there, you can check.
It's not very useful because there are no what we can say.
Such differences in CSV file.
So what I'm doing, I created one web application to check each and everything, so now it's very useful
to check.
Is there any thing inside this?
But unfortunately in that data, there is no Indian method or we can say not indicating.
If you want to check for India, you can check and you can use similar logic here.
Just you need to change the UI and you're good to go with this part.
So this is all about how we created everything.
Go to the Chrome tab first.
So this is our application, as I told you.
So this is the state and this is all it's taking from the URL.
I'm not printing anything here.
This is taking from the URL.
This is the Australia.
These are the cases.
And these are the cases.
So why it's putting the zero?
Because it is not updated there.
If you want to check any update thing, you can check that.
So in the ID, you just need to require to create three things coronavirus data service to create service
in spring application location stats to create modeling home controller to controlling each and every
part home dot HTML.
Now home control is just controlling the part.
As in the servlet.
There are XML for the mappings.
We removed this XML in the spring and we created one controller to print this model here.
As you can see, and I'm printing this return home.
If I change it in return home, you can check that changes in that part also.
As you can see, I created this coronavirus.
I can mention as COVID 19.
This.
Let me.
So this if I.
Do this.
You can check here also.
So let me rerun this again.
Stop and rerun.
So it will be the parallel running.
So this is all the boat I created.
You can check here.
This is running.
So this is very useful in while creating such applications, which is basically real time applications.
Let me go to the Chrome tab again.
Let me rerun this again, local or state.
Now you can see these things.
So it is not displaying this.
If you want to check.
You can check it.
Another thing.
So that's how we created our application.
Hope you understand.
You can extend it to further more like in the HTML for the UI purpose.
What you can do.
You can mention some search methods also.
I just put the simple UI here, but you can check that part also here.
Now you can move further with some useful things like COVID bed stats.
Also, if hospital beds, you can check for that purpose.
You can create log in, log out methods for that also.
So this is the simple application I created, but you can extend it further more.
Now, while developing this, there are two simple steps never change this coronavirus data.
So these are the default things.
No need to change because it will apply this.
Then create default or what.
We can see some specified names, packages to display all the things.
So this is it about how we created our data visualization application using spring.
So this is it all about COVID 19 tracker application.
Hope you understand.
Thank you.